well howdy there Internet people its Bo
a gown so tonight we're going to talk
about a series of interviews I witnessed
forever ago and what they can teach the
president about inspiring faith in times
like these the guy I was working for was
a recruiter for contracting companies
for consultant companies now I know in
movies when you're talking about those
guys they're experts at everything you
know in real life they're really really
good at one thing and they're okay at
everything else he was in the process of
recruiting somebody who was really good
at finding stuff that was lost that's
that's what he was looking for got a
whole bunch of applicants and at this
point I'm a flunky I'm calling and
checking references and stuff like that
and he we get it down to two good solid
candidates people either one of them
could fulfill the job they've got
they've got the required experience they
know what they're doing and the
references check out he couldn't decide
between the two of them and he said he
was worried because neither one of them
had ever actually been the person to
deal with the client they they'd always
just been out in the field neither one
of them had ever been held accountable
now I didn't exactly understand the
significance of that to be honest at the
time but I understood that he was really
really good at what he did so I didn't
ask any questions I was just gonna wait
and see he brings them both that same
day puts one in each meeting room goes
and reads them both on tells them both
about what's going on and leaves them in
the meeting room with a lot of
information about what's happening he
walks out
and I'm like what's going on I'm just
giving them time to go through it like
okay
that's like okay so explain to me what
what the problem is neither one of them
have been accountable okay
still doesn't tell me anything so gives
them 45 minutes an hour or something
like that walks back in first room so
how long is this gonna take you two
weeks three tops
cool leaves that room doesn t the other
one how long is it gonna take you I
don't have a clue I don't have like days
weeks months what's this gonna take
I don't know it's like assume I'm the
client for a moment what are you gonna
tell me but tell them to do everything I
can that's the one he hired one of the
basic rules of crisis mitigation is to
under promise and over deliver if you
promise the moon and don't come up with
it people lose faith very very quickly
because bad things are happening around
them if you have to go from 12 to a
thousand to 30,000 to 50,000 to 80,000
and still say you're doing a good job
people lose faith rightfully so because
if you don't understand the basic
communications behind dealing with your
client and in this case the president's
client is the American people if you
don't understand the basic communication
skills what are the odds that you
understand how to actually mitigate the
problem you're just guessing
guesswork doesn't actually pan out when
you're doing stuff like this this is I
don't know what estimate you know I
don't know which number estimate this is
but it's gonna be wrong too it's gonna
be wrong too and eventually he'll get to
the point where he's right you know
because he'll keep raising the number
and then he'll say he was right because
he's approaching this as if it's a
business he's branding he's wanting
people to talk about what he said rather
than making sure that it inspires faith
that it makes people feel more
comfortable makes people understand that
they have a leader you know he said that
his move saved millions of lives
shutting down airplanes that is a
branding move that's something that's
completely immeasurable nobody can prove
that false but he can say it
most people know that's not true but he
can say
the thing is the branding doesn't help
because the bags are still getting
filled you know you've got one raising
the estimate and the other side we need
to forget about it
more than a thousand people today it's
not over
so his estimate as far as the number
lost it's wrong just like the last ones
his estimate as far as Oh when there
will be a ready vaccine it's probably
wrong because he's hoping to advertise
to get you talking about it not
understanding that there are no stocks
here people talking about it doesn't
raise the value the value of that office
is not measured in how much people talk
about it it's measured in how much
people believe what's coming out of it
that's the true value and right now very
few people believe what he says because
he has a really poor track record of
being accurate and he refuses to take
responsibility or admit when he's wrong
but he wants to take the credit and
claim that he's right
the US needs real leadership it is
probably not going to be in the oval
office for a very long time that means
it's up to you it's up to us it's up to
all of the people who make up this
country to lead it because the Senate
the house the Oval Office we don't have
leaders there we don't none of them are
showing leadership they're showing that
they want to command that they want to
rule and that's fine whatever but that's
not what gets people through crisis's
what gets people through tough
situations is leadership not being under
somebody's command if there's anything
that the president can learn about this
situation it's to admit when he doesn't
know something and it's to understand
that the American people would rather
hear I don't know than a lock anyway
it's just a fault
y'all have a good night